Adding more Webots Simulation Tutorials (#3357)
ros2/ros2_documentation: source/Tutorials/Advanced/Simulators/Webots/Installation-Ubuntu.rst

Alternatively, you can also let ``webots_ros2`` download and install Webots automatically.
This option appears when you launch an example of the package and no Webots installation is found.

Multiple Installations of Webots
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

If you have installed different versions of Webots on your computer, ``webots_ros2`` will look for Webots at the following locations (in this order):

1. If the ``ROS2_WEBOTS_HOME`` environment variable is set, ROS 2 will use the Webots in this folder, regardless of its version.
2. If the ``WEBOTS_HOME`` environment variable is set, ROS 2 will use the Webots in this folder, regardless of its version.
3. If none of these variables is set, ``webots_ros2`` will look for Webots in the default installation paths for a compatible version: ``/usr/local/webots`` and ``/snap/webots/current/usr/share/webots``.
4. If Webots couldn't be found, ``webots_ros2`` will show a window offering the automatic installation of the latest compatible version of Webots.

Tasks
-----

1 Install ``webots_ros2``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> You can either install the official released package, or install it from the last up-to-date sources committed on `Github <https://github.com/cyberbotics/webots_ros2>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can either install the official released package, or install it from the latest up-to-date sources from `Github <https://github.com/cyberbotics/webots_ros2>`_.
```
